# IVI 2026

In 2025 the IVI Foundation updated its driver specifications to provide a simpler version of the standards and add support for Microsoft .NET 6+.

The intent of providing a simpler version of the standards is to:

1. Facilitate the IVI Foundation supporting additional languages with standards and shared components.
2. Align the requirements with common customer and driver provider expecations for instrument drivers, without prohibiting drivers with more extensive features.

In order to streamline the driver specifications, the IVI driver requirements were split into two parts:

* A language agnostic specification which contains requirements of drivers that are independent of the language environment supported by the driver.
* Language-specific specifications that contain requirements specific to a language environment (such as .NET or Python).

Initially, the only language-specific specification is the Microsoft .NET specification, however, the foundation anticipates creating additional specifications.

At this time, the IVI Foundation also created *Configurable Settings (CS) Shared Components*. These IVI components both facilitate migrating drivers from IVI Generation 2014 and also creating and using drivers that implement features specified in IVI Generation 2014.  

Drivers that utilize the *CS Shared Components* fully comply with the Generation 2026 IVI driver specifications.

At this time, the new IVI Driver specifications (including this document) were moved to *github* and the documents themselves created in github-flavored markdown.  This change enhances the open nature of the specifications, opening up the process by which driver providers and driver users can suggest enhancements to the standards.

Consistent with this direction, the related standards are in the IVI Foundation github repositories:

| Standard | Description | Repository/file |
|---|---|---|
| IVI Driver Core Specification | The language-agnostic specification | InstrumentDriverSpecs/IviDriverCore/1.0/Spec/IviDriverCore.md |
| IVI Driver .NET Specification | The language-specific requirements for Microsoft .NET drivers | InstrumentDriverSpecs/IviDriverNet/1.0/Spec/IviDriverNet.md |

All IVI specifications are also available on the [IVI website](https://www.ivifoundation.org).

[Repository Organization](../Documentation/InstrumentDriverSpecsRepoOrg.md) describes details of the repository organization, including the location of ancillary documentation and examples of compliant drivers.

[Configurable Settings Shared Components](../Documentation/IviDotNetDriversWithCSSharedComponents.md) describes details of the CS shared components and how driver developers and users can utilize them.

## Conformance Requirements

IVI Generation 2026 conformant drivers are required to conform with [version 1.0 of the IVI Driver Core Specification](../IviDriverCore/1.0/Spec/IviDriverCore.md), and any released IVI language specific specification.
