**IVI 2014**

The IVI Foundation has updated its specifications to require that
certain features are included in all IVI compliant drivers. These
updates are all included in the IVI-2014 generation. The following
updates are included in the IVI-2014 generation:

- Starting with IVI-2014, there are special rules for drivers that are
  built on an underlying interface provided by the instrument vendor,
  such as SCPI. These drivers will be required to provide:

  - Source code in the programming language used by the driver provider.

  - Documentation of each function and attribute in the driver in terms
    of the underlying interface.

  - A “Direct IO” mechanism for sending commands to the instrument.
    Using this, an application can use the driver API for most of the
    application, and, in places where the driver has shortcomings, the
    application can send commands to the instrument via the driver
    without having to manage access to the I/O session.

- Test systems frequently need to fine tune the settings on an
  instrument and need to avoid the overhead of calling a high-level
  configure function. IVI conventionally provides this functionality by
  providing attributes (also known as properties) for each configuration
  parameter. Starting with IVI-2014 drivers are required to provide
  attributes for programming all parameters that are available through
  configure functions.

- IVI-2014 takes measures to ensure that all IVI drivers are of high
  quality. All IVI drivers are required follow an IVI-specified process
  for testing. This process requires that all entry points be tested
  with parameters that exercise the valid ranges of each setting as well
  as out-of-range values. In addition to the explicit test requirements,
  drivers are required to ship documentation of the various test setups
  they are tested with and any issues exposed by the tests.

- IVI-2014 takes measures to ensure that users can easily get started
  with IVI drivers. The IVI Foundation now provides sample documentation
  to driver developers that will assist them in providing documentation
  for first time users. IVI requires driver developers use the sample
  documentation or its equivalent.
